The bread is top notch as well.
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING?
Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
Try the rose roll (not on menu).
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
The sangria's - watered down.
menu - uneventful, small.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre.
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED.
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
have always had a great time here.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
You will be very happy with the experience.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
The staff should be a bit more friendly.
I absolutely suggest this place.
I think the meatball parm is good.
If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible.
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
Meal was very expensive for what you get.
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!
The whole experience was satisfying.
However, it was worth the visit.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.
This made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
The spicy mussels are a highlight.
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we've ever had.
Would not return for the amount we paid.
However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
Stay away if you're claustrophobic
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious.
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
I wasn't impressed and it wasn't SPICEY????
The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
I was pleasently surprised at the taste.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot.
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats.
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.
The Management was less than accomodating.
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.
The design is very intimate and romantic.
The food was wonderful and imaginative.
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
The worst though was the taste.
They were dry, stale and pretty flavorless.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
The steak melted in my mouth.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.
Most importantly, it is reasonably priced.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
Food was decent, but not great.
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.
From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
It was delicious and large!
Anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!
The service we experienced was friendly and good.
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.
An excellent choice in midtown.
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.
The fettucino alfredo was amazing.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.
i had a delicious shrimp creole.
The chicken dinner was real good.
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant.
but the food was delicious.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
The only drawback is that it's a little pricey.
Everything about this place was wonderful.
The avocado salad is a personal fave.
And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy!
The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
The atmosphere is attractive, but a little uncomfortable.
The staff is very friendly.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
The food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
The sauce may not be for everyone, since it is distintive.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.
They make the best pizza in New Jersey.
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home.
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
I also recommend the garlic knots.
Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
You won't be dissapointed.
This place has the best pizza.
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
I can't stand this dungeon.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
their dinner specials are fantastic.
Delish and made to your liking!
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
Food portion was SMALL and below average.
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!
Have to tell you: Not at all impressed.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
How have I never been to Agave before?
You're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.
good food good wine that's it.
A nice find in the neighborhood.
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.
And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.
This place is Italian, not French.
After so many great reviews here, my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
It's traditional, simple italian food.
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
(The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown.
My husband and I had a blast.
personally i say save your money.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
Believe me, they live up to the name.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
They are by far the BEST past in New York.
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.
Everything is very cheap.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
You'll see a lot of people eating there after church.
I had roast chicken and a salad.
I've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
It's the kind of place I like to support!
But the meals were terrible.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.
Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
Would not recommend anyone to go.
However, the service is absolutely horrible.
A con was the slow bar service.
Dessert was also to die for!
BTW, the service is very good .
We loved it and will go back!
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
We'll definitly be back again!
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA, but few out here.
Horrible experience - stay away!
If this restaurant was in Manhattan, I would definitely go more often.
the food is delicious and highly recommended.
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
One of my Fav spots in the city.
Over priced, overrated....stay away!
Do not go to this restaurant.
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.
All I can say is they are fantastic.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.
Definitely something to come down and check out.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
The service was outstanding.
I went for restaurant week.
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
We always enjoy the pizza.
The service is pretty good.
I went there with a few friends and will return.
This place has been around for a few years.
Yum, the chicken is great here.
I highly recommend this restaurant!!
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!
This place was the worst.
I ordered from here last week.
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.
The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
Having moved I truly miss this place.
The food is very good and the service is great.
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup.
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.
I started going to dosa hut more after that.
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
Too bad, has a lot of potential.
This place has the best Indian food in New York, hands down.
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful.
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe's.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
This place has the best sushi in the city.
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
And the food is fantastic.
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
Another great thing about Glechik-everything is very cheap!
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
I would definitely come back to this restaurant.
The place just isn't ready for prime time.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
I'm in love with the lobster ravioli!
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?
great neighbhorhood spot.
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!
) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped, but it has old school charm.
This is a real gem of a place.
I think this a a wonderful place.
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch.
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!
DON'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE.
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
It's cute and simple and I loved it.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.
The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.
Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
You must try the garlic soup!
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino, I keep coming back.
The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.
There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
Chef Waldy's always measures up.
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.
Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.
Don Pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
Go for the Seafood Paella for two.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.
Service is usually pretty good.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
You will not be missing anything.
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
I recommend any of their salmon dishes......
The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
The menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.
but their mac cheese was YUMMY!
their brunch menu had something for everyone.
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square, which is a shame since I don't love this area.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
This place is average... at best.
the service is prompt friendly.
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
Feels like family when we go there.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum!
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
What a pleasant surprise!
The main draw of this place is the price.
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.
It was delish and I didn't feel bad eating it.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination.
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
I'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.
When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry.
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.
It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.
Don't waste your time or your money.
it's good but, like the movie is never as good as the book, this is same analogy.
it was a very warm experience.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.
There's candlelight and music.
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
I asked for a simple medium rare steak.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
Unfortunately, unless you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure.
Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
Both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
perfect for a quick meal.
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
Good for a quick sushi lunch.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.
If you're lucky and there's not a private party going on back there, you'll get a chance to really chill out.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
They are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
It was good, but none of the flavors WOW.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
The space is traditional in feel.
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
the food - not worth the price.
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
The prices are not terrible.
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
Although somewhat loud, the noise was minimally intrusive.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.
Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.
We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.
We went there, no one greeted us.
Dug the blue bar area too.
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?
Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. 
The pastas were pretty good.
Atmosphere is a bore.
The decor is what initially got me in the door.
The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
Great restaurant, and even greater food!
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
Save room for the desserts! ;-)
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
went there last night with my coworker.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
The caeser salad was great.
The fried calamari was even better!
The atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark.
The food was good overall. 
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
I recomend the chicken milanese.
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
The service is a quite slow, but friendly.
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
Alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area.
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!
Went there for a special celebration.
The restaurant was quiet and intimate.
The service was very attentive and very generous.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
OK, I've been to Dumont a few times now.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
Maybe it's that most of Dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but I cannot recommend Dumont.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!
Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York.
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel.
For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
Try the homemade breads.
This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. 
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
I read about this place in Time Out magazine.
It's a great find in Astoria.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
good variety but nothing surprising.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite.
It's always quiet because it's awful.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone, but they were out of it that day.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.
I have to say the place was awesome.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.
Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
Very nice touch that very much fits the place.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
Before the place didn't call my attention.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.
It is bland and nothing extrodinary.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
Every time I visit NYC, I come here.
I've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.
The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for.
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good.
The guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
Weekends can get crowded, but still highly recommended.
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early.
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Anyway, the owner was fake.
Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Love Al Di La
I recommend this place to everyone.
Great food.
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
Overpriced and not tasty 
The food here was mediocre at best. 
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink..... this place is not worth it...
Tasty Dog!
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.
Can't wait to go back.
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.
Trust me.
Run don't walk.
Super YUMMY Pizza!
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!
We had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
Great sake!
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month.
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
We've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price.
Best. Sushi. Ever.
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.
Creative, consistent, fresh.
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
Not cheap but very yummy.
Love it.
Very, very nice
The place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.
not only is the food
Loved It
My wife and I went to Water's Edge for a romantic dinner.
We had a very nice time.
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
I'd definitely go back again.
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.
Place is open till late, no dress code.
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
Highly recommended!
Excellent food for great prices
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.
There are no negatives to speak of.
the bestt!
my favorite place lol
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
its alright
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaraunt.
Way below average
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
Would NEVER go back
I love this place
I wasn't here for the pizza so I can't comment on that yet but what I had was very good.
The service was quick and friendly.
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed.
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.
The only downside... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time.
I'll be back for sure.
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
awesome
the food is always fresh ...
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
food was luke warm.
The waitress was not attentive at all.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
Too many other good places to have to settle.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"...  you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
I'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.
Favorite Sushi in NYC
I have eaten at some of the 'best' sushi joints in NYC (Nobu, Bond Street, JewelBako, etc) and Yamato is my favorite.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
In the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.
SO GOOD
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ...)
Gross food  Wow-
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
Come on.
Don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.
Really, I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds--this, in the city of a million restaurants, at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one.
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.
Great Indian Food!
This place was reccomended to me by a friend.
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place!
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
The staff is very good.
Love their drink menu.
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
Nice for one time special occasion.
Went for Mom's birthday brunch/lunch.
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 
Be aware.
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.
Food was OK.
Nice view of river and NYC.
I come here enjoy very much with husband.
Remind me of home.
Great survice
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.
Oh, and there's hookah.
Raymond the bartender rocks!
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.
The omlette for brunch is great...
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York.
Small, bright, and clean, BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints, both in Astoria and out.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
The best!
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
The veal was incredible last night.
Fresh, mind blowing flavors.
This place is a must visit!
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn?
Skip Nathan's...you can get that at the mall...go to Bark.
Delicious, creative and fun.
Got a date? Go here!
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else.
It is so romantic.
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
I've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (I'm a daring eater but not THAT daring).
Once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!
You'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...
For a Fabulous Wedding!
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
Service was wonderful;
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.
Ruth, mother of the Bride
would NOT go back.
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The bar drinks were Eh, ok to say the least.
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!
$170 down the toilet...
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
Go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead.
Good Experience
During our trip to NYC, we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu (offering a modified menu for $65 pp).
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
However, our main course was wonderful.
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
short and sweet  seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.
The service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.
over.
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
Will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once.
Impressed...
Subtle food and service
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place.
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you NAME it.
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE!
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!
Great find in the West Village!
Maggot in the food!
I've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table.
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
Nevertheless, I finished my plate, and that's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.
I showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
Yes, I ate the food, but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating, and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes, Flatbush Farm isn't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world, but it's pretty good, albeit with a somewhat dismal setting.
Unhygienic
I do not recommend.
I went there 2times .
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.
Awesome
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.
Try it!
Very pleased
Good creative rolls!
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much.
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
The appetizers are also delicious!
Amazing food.
Mazing interior.
Great food!
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $29/per person including sake but it is $55 per person not including sake.
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.
The chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (I have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the Chilli Chicken.
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
Still we keep going back :)
I was speechless by the horrible food.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered, I requested a vegetarian dish.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
This place survives on reputation alone.
I will NEVER return.
Best In ALL of NYC
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City, not just Brooklyn...
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...
I'm telling you...
you should travel from the Bronx to try it...
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
so delicious!!!!!!
Patsy's Pizza = true love
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie.
In about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.
Need I say more?
great hot dogs..
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
great taste
Great, original taste.
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.
Helpful service and average price per dish $10.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
great food
This place has great indian chinese food.
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
Also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.
Best Indian Chinese in the city, by far!
AMAZING MY FAVORITE!!!
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene.
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in NYC.
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!
One of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Park Slope (and NY in general)
Everything on the menu is great. 
This establishment is the real deal. 
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
There is "Expensive-but-worth-it" and there is "Expensive-and-WTF"?
This is a twenty-something guy that doesn't mind laying down $300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions.
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?
Are you freaking kidding me?
Look, the appetizers were really good.
The entree was also very good.
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
$500 included:
Drinks: 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $35 each.
Starters: Kobe Beef Sashimi.
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.
A beef Consomme.
Entrees: Vanison steak and Bison Steak.
Vanison was good but not amazing.
Bison was quite excellent however.
Dessert: pure disaster.
Just not good at all.
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
I was wrong.
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
All in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
Yes, it is good, but I've had better for cheaper.
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!
BUT not in a good way.
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different.
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table.
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.
The place is beautiful!
The hostess was very pleasant.
However, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
Since we were already waiting so long, we felt we had no other choice but to accept it.
Our experience did not ever get any better.
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
We asked for beverages and never received them.
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
I wish I COULD be refunded!
Don't go with a larger group than 4! 
I went here for a family birthday dinner. 
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening. 
The hostess said "Wow that's a large group, unless you aren't together", to which I replied "no we are, and there will be one more, so a table for six please." 
At first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions. 
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with Brahma. 
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
After we ate our appetizers (which took all of 8 minutes) we ordered another round of Brahma's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member. 
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order. 
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay. 
She replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 
We called the other person who was very close by, and she told us to order for her, so we did. 
The food arrived in about 15 minutes. 
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
Service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 
Probably would not go back here.
Great Indian food
I lived on 50th st, and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out.
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly, but I can say this is one of the best I've had.
Very "normal Indian food", but done really well.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food
One of the BEST
Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. "INDIAN SPICE RAVE"
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it.
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.
We go often for lunch and the place is packed.
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
Wretched and retching
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life.
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant.
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
Fine, I wont hang you for that.
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
Not one to jump to complaints (hence my lack of previous online reviewing), I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
None was made so i hung up.
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years, I am now in culinary school, I am a huge lover of oysters and fish, and my girlfriend is half Korean!
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish.
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
Eat at your own risk.
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night.
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date.
More Williamsburg Garbage
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight.
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum.
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean.
The side dishes were passable, and I did get a refill upon request.
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
I mentioned the squid dish wasn't very good when the waitress visited.
She just nodded and walked off.
There were no communications issues either, as she spoke perfect English.
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
We were charged full price.
If you ware looking for Korean fusion, I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village.
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street, of course.
Lives up to the hype
We've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there.
We've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.
It was well worth the wait.
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.
i love margherita pizza  i looove east village pizza
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza.
The crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.
Personally I like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don't serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate decor will make you feel like you're no longer in the city.
If you're planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you'll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
It's just you and your date and an occasional cute excuse me' before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it.
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.
Our first course was Tuna Sashimi with Green Yuzu Sauce.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice.
The sake's complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.
For desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly  yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can't say enough good things about this brasserie.
I don't usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I'll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.
Terrible would be a compliment!
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday, we sat in the tent.
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
Stay away
Great Shabu Shabu
I go here at least once every other week, particularly when it's cold!
I love it.
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu.
I tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.
But for the Shabu Shabu, you won't find much better in NY.
In fact there is only one I've tried that even compares (shabu Tatsu) and even then I prefer Dokebi.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
Restaurant with a view
Celebrated my fathers birthday here.
The food tasted very good.
The family seafood entree was very good.
The main entree was also very good.
We order a bit of everything on the menu.
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
This place doesn't make any sense
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
This place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake.
Good Food
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary.
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation (if possible)
Loved it
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.
The atmosphere was great.
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.
Our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
Maybe it has improved since then?
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.
Polite acknowledgement is out;
supercilious scorn is in.
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
On that scale, it's a world-beater.
How is this palce still open?
I honestly don't even know where to begin.
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers, and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms.
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.
We ordered our appetizers, I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon.
Everything was going good until we got our meals.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead, while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat.
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
I've had better chicken at BBQs!!!!
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.
Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier" No apology, nothing.
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
I was literally going to explode, but instead, my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager.
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.
Again, no apology, no is there anything else I can get you, no can I get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore.
The level of rudeness was preposterous.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.
cirspy crust margherita pizza
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes.
it was really good pizza.
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
Moving on.
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian.
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.
Well...they can run but they can't hide.
I live in the West Village and I've been to a lot of restaurants.
Sometimes you pay a lot and don't get much in return - it's manhattan, things are expensive.
However, most of them are at least prompt and pleasant.
This place...god where do i begin.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.
Great Hot Dogs!
I've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby (I live on UWS).
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off  
We live nearby BFC. 
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
Each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return. 
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!
The frizzy retro girl (with winged/ Dame Edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
There's another girl who I can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. 
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
Again, I'd be super upset if that were my employee.
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
Maitre-D-"Eat and get out"
My family ate here last weekend.
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
His response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
Best meal in a long time!
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening.
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience.
The food is great and the environment is even better.
Everyone must come here at least once.
Highly recommend it!
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
Great Atmosphere
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal.
I highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.
Cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.
Poor service and management
Don't go to this place!
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
Can't believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
What a hassle!
The food is very good, but not outstanding.
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
Without the wait or attitude, I would probably go back, but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and don't make me jump through hoops.
Expensive
I went there after hearing how great it was.
Wow.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
The pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far.
So rude!!!
I went with JWILS.
Her review is above.
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
My friend is 100% right in the experience we had.
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."
What?
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
bad staff
I generally like this place.
The food is good.
The design of the space is good.
But the service is HORRID!
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
I couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
Yum!
Serves really good sushi.
Not the biggest portions but adequate.
Green Tea creme brulee is a must!
Don't leave the restaurant without it.
No Comparison
 I can't say enough about this place.
It has great sushi and even better service.
The entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need.
I've been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date.
Snotty Attitude
 We were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast.
The owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint.
Good food!
 We love breakfast food.
This is a great place to get a delicious meal.
We never had to wait more than 5 minutes.
The staff is pretty friendly.
The onion rings are great!
They are not greasy or anything.
Overrated
 I was highly disappointed in the food at Pagoda.
The lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.
The prices are outrageous, especially since the food was actually less satisfying than most neighborhood Chinese establishments.
Nice ambience, but highly overrated place.
I will not go back.
Worst Service I Ever Had
 A group of 5 of us went there for Sunday brunch and sat outside.
Everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received.
Our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered, we were not given any water or utensils.
I complained to the manager, but he was not even apologetic.
I will never return again.
Fabulous Italian Food!
 I highly recommend Mioposto.
I am so happy to have a wonderful Italian restaurant in my neighborhood.
The wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to Italy.
I love this restaurant
 I will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance I experience at this restaurant.
It was absolutely amazing.
The wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.
I have not a bad thing to say about this place.
AMAZING.
I cannot wait to go back again this coming weekend!
Mmm... good!
 Went there last night with a friend.
She had heard from a co-worker about this place.
The food was great!
It's *very* reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.
I had the Kafta plate and it was perfect.
We're going back. :D
Finally a meal that you will remember for a long time!
 In a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.
This is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.
Caution - its real food for people who love the best.
Some of the food is clearly oriented toward foodies (like me) so if your not a foodie (nothing wrong with that)- head over to McDonalds or some Ruby Tuesday and have at it!
If your looking for real quality  (not the BS that is seen on yelp ratings - which allegedly recently got in trouble for "adjusting" ratings), you need to get in here!
Very Disappointing
 I took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed!!!
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.
I may not be a sushi guru but I can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it.
Rice is too dry, tuna wasn't so fresh either.
Nothing really came across as outstanding.
Very disappointed.
I have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.
However, the value and service are both severely lacking.
Portions contain less fish than one would expect, particularly since prices are in line with the best sushi places in NYC (Masa excluded, of course).
Furthermore, while the fish is unquestionably fresh, rolls tend to be inexplicably bland.
The service ranges from mediocre to offensive.
On a recent trip, our waiter was extremely dismissive, while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of Japanese girls seated nearby.
We were then charged for their most expensive sake ($20+ per serving) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price.
But Im sure this was just an honest mistake...
Freshest sushi   I love this restaurant.
They pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls.
The sashimi was the freshest and most tender I have ever tasted.
Their apps are all delicious.
The only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.
But the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.
You are bound to have a very charming time.
Not recommanded!!!
 The food was not great & the waiters were rude.
It is not worth going at all and spend your money there!!!
great service
 Pretty cheap for sit down Mexican AND downtown.
my service was stellar!
the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me.
food was fine, with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa.
If you're in the area you shouldn't be disappointed.
Ok....  Maybe I went in on someone's bad day....
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.
Took forever to get our order taken, water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention.
I don't know if I'll be back....
Mama Mia  I live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place.
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it's edible, even when you order ahead.
BUt once done, it's not too much dough, not too much cheese, not too much sauce.
Best Sushi in town.
Have gone to all the top places.
Everything you want and more, very fresh.
Its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.
The best calamari in Seattle!
 ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the Seattle evening weather.
A perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year.
Endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!
 By far the best bar in the east village...
I went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast!
Every time "0-sixtynine" is called the bartender buys everyone drinks!
Been there lots since and its always a good time.
Great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.
Definitely has one of the best jukebox's i've seen in a long long time.
I FOUND A NEW HOME ON SECOND AVENUE!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Where can I begin.
I can't!!!
Just go there and see for yourself.
The food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.
You need to watch your game, they will have it on for you.
The owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.
And the upstairs is a great place to hang out.
Not alot of smoking places left in New York, but I have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city.
Kudos to these guys.
I found a new home and just moved with a long lease.
Thank you
Go Beyond the California Rolls... 
The sushi here is delicious!
They have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from; Atlantic or Pacific.
I've had the Jellyfish, Horse Mackerel, Blue Fin Tuna and the Sake Ikura roll among others, and they were all good.
My only negative comment is that I wish the pieces were a little bigger.
The decor is rustic, traditional Japanese.
The crowd is mixed yuppies, young and old.
The service was courteous and attentive.
Mediocre food
 We ate on the outside patio area for dinner on a Saturday night.
The outside patio area has an abbreviated menu.
We ordered the marinated grapes, buffalo style chicken wings, and the turkey sandwich.
My g/f and I both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.
We are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.
Service was decent.
Drinks were good.
Unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks I wouldn't recommend going here.
You are likely to be disappointed.
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive
 I loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.
The ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in Downtown Disney.
It was romantic - and even nice even with my sister, reminded me of Italy, and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a Mediterrean villa.
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)
Best Indian food in L.A.
 I've been to over a dozen Indian places in L.A., and this is still my favorite.
The best thing is, the prices are also quite reasonable.
The chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes.
The chana masala (garbanzo beans) are also excellent.
It's located in a strip mall near the Beverly Center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.
hidden little jem
 tucked away over by the Beverly Center.
Never too crowded and always great service.
I think I have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent.
I can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma.
You routinely see Indian families and friends dining there, which is always a good sign.
I appreciate their delivery too.
Nice food but no spice!
 I really enjoyed my meal here.
I had yummy lamb korma, saag paneer, samosas, naan, etc.
The food was all good but it was way too mild.
Normally, places ask how hot you want it, but they didn't.
I should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild.
I will give them another chance and make sure to tell them to kick it up several notches.
The naan was some of the best I've had and I really enjoyed the bhartha, not too tomatoey.
Even the chickpeas, which I normally find too dry, were good.
And they packaged everything nicely so it didn't spill.
awesome find
 I don't understand how I was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - EVERYTHING is delicious.
I love the warm & cosy environment.
I just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - can't wait to celebrate my next birthday there.
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager
 first of all henrymillionare you dont know a thing about middle eastern food so dont talk.
Cry me a river, stop complaining you obviously you have no taste in food.
i am never disappointed with there food.
the atmosphere is great.
and all you other people that have a problem get some help
great lunch spot
 Great financial district mexican spot.
Always busy, but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service.
Everything I've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.
Also have great margaritas!
You can order to go if you have to get back to the office too!
Lebanese Food!Yum!
 I've been to Open Sesame only once, but I'm still reeling from the experience!!
The food is simply unforgettable!
I had the beef kabobs with a side of cucumber yogurt.
The presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!
My best friend had the chicken shawarma and she STILL raves about it being the best anywhere!
Her sister had the baklava for dessert!
What a tastly, flaky treat!
The staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.
GO TO OPEN SESAME!!!
Holy Hummus!
 The food is here is incredible, though the quality is inconsistent during lunch.
Dinners have always been excellent, in terms of food quality.
The open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.
The side of potatoes is to die for, as is the labne (yogurt dip).
Also, they serve THE best hummus in America, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, I believe is the traditional way)!
The only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.
There have been several occasions when we've just not gotten some side dishes we've ordered.
However, this place is a gem, and I won't stop going back.
great beer
 My first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible!
We waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and over 1 1/2 hours for our food.
I swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.
HOWEVER, one Sunday afternoon my husband and I did go (although with my loud protests) and were pleasantly surprised.
The band was very good and the service was attentive.
Outside in the area between the restaurant and the park, children were running around while their parents sipped wine.
We ordered a selection of the small plates, and the shoe string onions, goat cheese pizza, grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good.
It was like dining at a completely different restaurant.
We have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).
We did have the same waiter the second time, so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good.
Sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun.
Seattle's BEST Winelist
 Ray's (suprisingly) has the city's BEST & most diverse wine list.
The sommelier is fantastic, down-to-earth, & extremely knowlegable.
I would go back for the wine experience alone.
Nice job!
NOT THE PLACE IT ONCE WAS
 It is sad to see a place that was once "THE" place to meet and eat for Bfast or Lunch, now be the place that is a big "DONT BOTHER."
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).
What may be interesting to most is the worst sevice/attitude comes from the owners of this establishment.
This establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of FOOD TELEVISIONS "DINERS, DRIVE-INS, AND DIVES" hosted by Guy Fieri, in which Schooner or Later was subject of.
Perhaps now, Scooner or Later falls into the "Dive" category.
This is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat.
I hope one day Scooner or Later returns to what it once was.
Untill this happens, my advice is to STAY AWAY.
Open & Cool Place with the Best Pizza and Coffee
 Mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu.
The coffe is very good, too.
Great open and friendly ambience.
This place is charming and relaxing.
The servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.
It reminds me of those great little restaurants in San Francisco.
It's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.
Old Reliable
 After 12 years in Seattle Ray's rates as the place we always go back to.
Great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.
Enjoyed the food
 First of all, I am not from Long Beach.
I was visiting SoCal a couple of months ago when the friend I was visiting decided to take me to this restaurant.
(She was actually going to take me to another mediterranean restaurant right across the street but they were not open yet even though it was a few minutes past their opening time.)
I liked it.
Food was good and cheap.
I had the kafta plate and I enjoyed it.
It was so much though that I could barely finish but I did, since it was delicious.
Atmosphere was nice.
Service was kind of slow, our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it wasn't that busy.
Still I would recommend this place.
BTW, I really like Long Beach.
It was one of the few places in SoCal where you would actually walk around and not have to take a car.
WOW!!!!!!!!
 IT CANT GET ANY BETTER!!!!!
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW
Great food with an awesome atmosphere!
 Eggs, pancakes, potatoes, fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious.
The best place for a leisure Sunday breakfast amidst yachts, then take a stroll through the nearby Farmer's Market.
great meal  the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect!!!!
plus, i am allergic to rice, and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating -- didn't even bat an eye!
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!
absolutely fabulous!!!
Unbeatable sushi!
Two thumbs up!
I love sushi, and I have eaten it all over the world.
This is right up there with places in Tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned.
Melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi, and very tasty rolls too.
Be sure to try the oyster roll.
splendid
 How to describe the best sushi in NYC: hmmmm, delicious, amazing, fantastic, suculent, perfect, nah, all of the above.
I can't saybenough good things about this restaurant, and I can't wait for my next several visits.
The best Chuwam Mushi I have ever had.
Perfect on a cold day.
$6 with tip.
Perfection.
Good Sushi, High Price 
One of the best Sushi place in town.
The house special roll is really good.
On weekends, you might have to wait for couple hours.
However, they do take your cellphone numbers so that you can go hang out somewhere else till they call you up on your cellphone.
A cozy spot for 2
 I can't believe Murphy's has been around for over 25 years, amazing.
That's a huge compliment, especially in the fickled restaurant business, ...enough already!
Brunch at Murphy's is to die for, my specialty... egg white omelet, the food is always freshly prepared.
It's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!
Save room for  scrumptious desserts.
The restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you won't forget!
I guarantee you won't be disappointed, there's also valet parking.
Addicting!
 Best Mexican place for lunch in the financial district.
Love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials.
The cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes.
Can get busy on Fridays for a table but once seated, the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly.
I went there with a friend from out of town... and we were both very impressed!
Went on a Monday night, so there was no wait for a table.
The sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.
The price was right too.
The atmosphere was just okay.
Space was limited, but the food made up for it.
I'd go back there in a heartbeat.
Should have gone to Trader Joe's and had frozen pizza :(
 My family went on a midweek evening to have dinner.
The restaurant was 80 % full and there was a sign posted "wait to be seated."
Well I guess it's hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff.
We stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us.
Finally, my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked, "Are you waiting for a table?"
Once seated it took about 30 minutes to finally get the meal.
The prior reviews said Kid friendly... give me a break with two young children that is light years.
The Caesar salad I ordered had so much lemon I couldn't eat it.
The pizza was slightly reminescent of Baker's Beach pizza which occupied the the space years ago (a distant second).
It was decent but nothing exceptional.
This establishment is consistent with my feelings of the rest of Chow Foods group.
We used to frequent most of their restaurants but over the years each one has really been disapointing.
I'm a born and bred Southend resident and was excited to hear of this restaurant opening.
Well, I guess maybe it might be beneficial for the management  to pay a visit to Tutta Bella in Columbia City for some tips.
Great food, better Margaritas!
 This is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!
it gets really busy, so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat, if you do have to wait, its not bad because the service is quick!
Check out the art on the walls, very colorful!
i love this place!
 i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal.
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time.
The lunch menu is an awesome deal!
plenty of food,trust me .
Fresh ingrediants and super tasty.
The place is the next best thing to my Moms cooking.
Best food, phenominal service 
For the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best NYC has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.
Not only can the selection be innovative, but there's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well.
The nicest waiters in town.
WAY OVER-RATED!!!!
 This place is unbelievably over-rated.
If I want to stand in line on Sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then I would put Murphy's at the top of the list.
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.
10!
Your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer SOHO location, and of course: Salmon, Tuna, Fluke, Yellow Tail, Cod, Mackeral, Jellyfish, Sea Urchin, Shrimp, Lobster, Sea Bream, Trout, Milk Fish, Blue Fin Tuna, Eel, Crab, Sardine, Monk Fish, Roe, Scallop, Oysters, and a varity of Toro.
There is only one place on the east coast that has it all, plus a lot more.
Better than nobu, tomoe, taka, yama, sugiyama, and the rest.
Bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world: BLUE RIBBON SUSHI.
Believe it baby!
Cut to the chase - this is amazing!
It's unpretentious and underground.
It's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.
Hands down, the best tuna I have ever had.
Blue Ribbon lives up to it's fantastic reputation.
I went here on a recommendation and will surely return time and time again.
What a find!
Well worth it 
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.
Good for late night dining (last minute planning) without reservations.
Try the Chef's Choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty.
Poor customer service/poor pizza.
 As with most restaurants in Seattle, Mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.
I know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places, but Mioposto's pizza lacks quality and good taste.
To be honest, I've had better frozen pizza.
I'm not kidding.
The only positive thing about Mioposto is the nice location.
Love it every time 
I was frankly shocked when I read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic; it has not let us down in any way, and we've eaten here more than 10 times.
People complain about the dim lighting, but that is one what I love about this place - if you want to stare at your food in bright light, go to McDonalds.
The food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.
The only problem would be the wait, but we usually just have a drink in the front while waiting.
Never had one single problem there.
Seafood Plus
 This was  great dining experience.
If you're going to see Danny Gans or just staying at the Mirage, don't miss this one.
The appetizer of oysters, lobster, crab (small size) made a perfect entre for my wife.
Seabass on lobster risotto was the best.
Caesar salad was superb.
Great bottle of wine.
Leave room for dessert.
COMPLETELY OVER RATED!
I will have to do more research before checking out new places based on Diners, drive-ins and dives reviews.
I noice most reviews mention the bad service.
The food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.
Even then, the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items.
We had a very hard time getting the waitress' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager.
As it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20% discount on our bill.
When the bill came, he only took the discount off the food and not the drinks.
It was clear he didn't really care.
With so many great breakfast/lunch places in So Cal, this one is not worth the wait or any extra effort to visit.
AVOID THE PLACE
 Save yourself the waste of time & DO NOT visit.
I made my 1st trip to the restaurant after finding their webpage online.
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!
I waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer & was never served again.
After sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes I left.
I went home & looked them up online again where I discovered there is a link for a give away that doesn't work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service & deceptive link.
I never heard back from anyone more than a month ago.
After telling my friend about the situation he said lets try again but we will visit the lower bar.
After sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she'd be right with us.
We left without ever getting service.
As of writing this I just tried their give away a link again & it still doesn't work.
There are so many better places to visit!
Best Crab Cakes in Town
 Thats a big statement considering I've been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since I was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time.
If you can, come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening.
Great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.
Always a winner.
Great Pizza, Poor Service
 Love their pizza, especially the mushroom pizza.
Also love their caeser salad.
Prefer to order it and pick it up though because I don't like the servers, one young woman in particular.
She doesn't make you feel welcome and treats you like an annoyance.
But she is very friendly with certain people, making it even more annoying.
Management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners.
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.
It's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.
Great Breakfast
 This place is famous for their breakfast.
They have been featured on the food network and they deserve it.
The food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.
I love breakfast here.
Their crab eggs benedict is addicting.
All their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.
Doesn't get any better than that.
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time
 we got a groupon for pagoda and decided to try it on a thursday night.
there was a guy playing the piano and singing at the bar area which was separate from the dinning area.
You can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing.
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning.
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up.
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese.
we ordered the honey walnut prawns which we always order at every chinese restaurant to determine the quality of food.
First off, the food came fast and all together :) i like that... i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other.
so about the prawns, they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter... soooo good... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty.
yummy.
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted.
next one that we ordered were prawns and scallop with brocolli.
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty.
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time, every piece was as eventful as the first one... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked.
not chewy at all.
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee... oh la la yummy!!!
melt in your mouth.
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant.
every month if possible.
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel... but they are definitely one you dont want to miss, esp if your in downtown san jose.
Chintzy portions
 The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).
We easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.
I'm astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $$$ rather than $$$$.
Terrible service, food ok, pricey
 This past weekend had great weather for San Francisco standards.
So for the 'after beach excursion', we thought we would end the day on a high note and make the trip across the street from the beach to Park Chalet.
The restaurant was busy, however there were a few tables open.
We put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it'd be a 30 minute wait.
So here we are, my wife, 3 year old daughter and I trying to pass the time by hanging out in the front of the building (where the murals and artifacts are).
30 minutes went by and sure enough the pager buzzer went off.
We went back to the restaurant and low and behold, we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago!!
Logic behind that?
None that I can think of.
We put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers, the food didn't arrive until 45 minutes later...WITH OUR MAIN COURSE.
Um so now what are appetizers for???
Oh I forgot to mention that they don't have bread service.
Its a good thing my daughter had some snacks in her lunch bag.
My wife also ordered a teapot of hot water (she had a sore throat) and I guess that since it was only water, it wasn't a priority for them to actually bring it.
In other words, if they aren't making $$ off of you then you don't rate high on their 'service scale'.
Food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.
The upside of the restaurant?
If I needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or Golden Gate park.
Its great if you spent the day there and didn't want to drive to eat.
Parking is reasonably good, they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby.
Another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides.
I'd hate for tourists to go to Park Chalet and think that this is how all San Francisco restaurants are like.
Always good.
 A sushi-fiend friend recently visited and our group of three just had to come for dinner.
6pm on a Sat before a Broadway play and we were quickly seated and served.
Amazing Spanish Mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi (that eel with avodcao -- um um um).
As usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.
Their specialty rolls are impressive, though I can't remember what we had.
Great selection of sakes.
Green tea creme brulee gets better each time I have it.
It isn't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.
Very poor customer service.
 Schooner or Later's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.
While this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.
As part of a small party of four, our food was dropped off without comment;
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table.
When we finally were able to flag someone down, it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food, who was also not the same person who had taken our order.
After one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress, a polite request that he not be bumped sent the waitress into an abusive rant.
A brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment--to say we had been "blown off" would be an understatement.
The manager continually interrupted with "Is there anything else I can do for you?", a strange comment because she had hardly listened, let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience.
She promised to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage, but we could hardly take her promise seriously, seeing as she hadn't bothered to get the waitresses name.
In short, Schooner or Later couldn't have cared less about our being at their establishment.
Next time we will go somewhere else, or try other restaurants close by like Mimi's Cafe and Claim Jumper.
1 o'clock in the morning.
you are with a hot date and he/she has an urge for sushi...then this might be the place.
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.
great service.
good sake selection.
Dungeness crabs here!
 Ray's is THE place to go for high quality seafood dinners.
And they give good quantity for the price.
We were only in Seattle for one night and I'm so glad we picked Rays for dinner!
I love Dungeness crabs and at Ray's you can get them served in about 6 different ways!
We shared the family platter and I especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu.
I ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting....yummy!
And the service was simply spendid - quite a delight.
 Great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, B Fast burritos, Gluten Free menu.
The service is fantastic at this fun place.
If there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open, you know it is great.
This is the case at this gem.
Best Neighborhood Standby.
You Can't Go Wrong Here.
 Every neighborhood has a few great local bars that are the best secrets.
In Grammercy/Union Square/East Village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot.
The music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.
Seriously, you can't go wrong, if it is unpretentious local fun you seek.
Oh, and the cheese fries are awesome!
Good Food, Great Service, Average Prices (For the Strip)
 I decided to eat at Stack because of their price fixed pre-show dinner.
When I walked in, I was taken aback by their incredible wood decor.
The music playing was very hip, 20-30 something pop music, but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat, which became annoying midway through dinner.
We were quickly seated and requested the special dinner, which came with: 1) Shellfish and Shrimp appetizer or Caesar Salad, 2) 9 oz steak (with a single potato chip), and 3) homemade donut holes.
I got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright.
It wasn't the freshest seafood ever, but the taste and presentation was OK.
Before the steak came, the server told us that the steak did not come with any sides and suggested I pick something from the menu.
I picked the asparagus, which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared.
It was steamed and tossed with garlic.
The 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great, at least initially.
The steak was done to my exact liking (medium rare) and was nice and juicy.
It?s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction, though both were indistinguishable in taste.
Though, one thing I realized later on was that the restaurant either used MSG or a meat tenderizer on the steak.
My mouth felt very dry afterwards and I had that signature ?MSG? taste lingering in my throat after I left the restaurant.
Finally, the homemade donut holes were served for desert.
They came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting; very light and not-too-sweet.
The desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner.
The dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).
But the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly.
Overall, I would go back and eat at the restaurant again.
Just remember to dress a little urban-chic so you don?t look too far out of place.
good sake, good food  i honestly don't know much about japanese food at all.
In the past sake usuallly just tasted kind of like salty water to me.
Server made several sake suggestions which were very good.
had many dishes but the BEST was the lobster 3 ways.
VERY GOOD!
Overpriced
 We dined at the Colorado location today.
Waited 35 minutes for a table for 8 which was ok for such a big crowd.
The waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.
Also, there was only one bathroom stall- probably need more for such big crowds.
Most importantly, we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu.
At best, the food was good and definately overpriced.
For the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.
Not sure if I would go back.
My favortie pizza joint in Seattle
 This is my "must bring out of town guests to" restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it.
In fact, many want to return a second time during their visit.
The pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic.
I've always found the wait staff and, if you sit at the bar, the cooks very friendly.
They aren't the most talkative, but everytime I've been there they have been very busy, which probably accounts for the lack of conversation.
I also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant.
It's just the right size for the menu.
Excellent
 My husband and I love eating at Mioposto Cafe.
We're can't say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza's!
You won't be disappointed by their menu.
The pizza's are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings.
You never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there.
The pizza's are light and scrumptious.
Try the Pizza Ensalata!
It's a salad on top of pizza crust.
Absolutely delicious.
The pizza's are not huge and the crust is thinkeep that in mind when you're ordering.
Worth the wait
 Had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.
The food is sinful.
The staff was really friendly.
The specialty here is decadent pancakes, but I've been back now four times, and I've been wowed every time.
Nothing on the menu is less than amazing.
Go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.
Good eats.
Whose writing all the great reviews?
Why is it that (almost) every good review is by "anonymous?"
I don't know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place.
I have been to this place, folks and it is BAD.
Maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that's half-way decent.
I have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment.
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable.
DONOT GO!
Delicious
 The atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate.
The best dish are the honwy walnut prawns- just outstanding.
The service is really attentive and charming.
4 Locations
 they have 4 locations.
the 2 listed and then one in Southglenn mall parking lot which is reviewed here and one in Ft Collins.
We waited for an hour to be seated.
The service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.
It was worth the wait.
Plan on waiting 30-70 minutes.
Will definitely be back.
Southglenn is largest location.
Delicious...!
 I recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had.
The food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.
The decor was beautiful and unique.
There was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.
Our server was very professional and friendly.
To the owners of Open Sesame...Bravo...I can't wait to come back to dine at your restaurant!
Delectable 
It's a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend (Thurs?Sun) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar.
Once you're inside, the real experience begins.
Everything, and I mean everything on the menu is delectable.
The waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa.
The sushi is as fresh as it comes?you'd think ocean was in their backyard, no joke!
If you're interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...
big thick pepperoni
 The pepperoni's cut real thick--Yum.
The pizza itself is not exactly the best I've had EVER, but still pretty good.
I probably wouldn't go back though 'cuz I don't know if it's worth it.
Maybe I'll go back once more many years from now when I've forgotten I went there already.
Sit in the Balcony
 Not bad.
Food was good and appetizing.
Portions was just enough for me, but may not be for a big eater.
Fair menu selection.
The appetizer was interesting, but the Creme Brulee was very savory and delicious.
Indoor ambience was modern.
If it's nice outside, request for a table in the balcony.
It's a great place to people watch.
Although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.
Our drinks kept coming but our server came by a couple times.
Should check-up on us more frequently, don't you think?
Late night dinning with exeptional food.
 I didn't want to go there because of the reviews and prices I saw on the internet.
That was the last night in Vegas and was too late and most of the restaurant were closing - so we walked in the check the place.
We were seated right away, the table was private and nice.
The service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters.
The food was very good, filet mignon was probably the best I've ever try.
The portions are big though, so do not order too much.
Groovy music made the dinner casual.
The most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places.
I have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd.
The bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink, the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser.
There were 3 bottles of perfume on the sink and the line of girls trying to use the sink.
I felt ackward and next time went to the casino bathroom.
This place rocks!!
 Mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!
The chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.
The atmosphere is aspiring, and  the decor is festive and amazing..
The catering is out of this world, and Raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world!!!
Drinks are suberb, and I feel like I am in a Third World country when I walk in the door.
Insultingly Overpriced
- Mediocre Service/Quality
 This review is for the Southglen location which is not listed in Citysearch:  I wish this review would make a difference enough for it to be addressed by management but Snooze has people climbing over each other for a chance to eat at this overpriced restaurant with mediocre food and service, so this review as well as the other negative ones for their Larimer location will go unaddressed.
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.
To start off, approximately 8-10 oz of orange juice will cost you $3.
They serve it in a tall, skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket.
I should have just asked for the check when I saw that; but their menu was so unique that I continued.
The pancakes were certainly inventive but $8.50 for 3 - 6" pancakes (one of them was more like 5") in the pancake flight (sample of 3 different pancakes) is well over-priced.
The pancakes should be larger (at least 8") to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.
The flavors were good but I have had far better pancakes at a German pancake specialty restaurant that were a little cheaper but significantly larger.
On my meal I had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking, and would have had to send them back again if I hadn't rejected the meal all together.
I rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and I was too frustrated to continue.
To their credit they removed the dish from the check; but no manager stopped by to ask what the problem was.
In the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (I had water).
This was 2 times what the same meal would have cost at Le Peep.
Snooze provided an inventive pancake offering, but Le Peep would have provided better service and quality.
Much more than just a great view!
 I am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at Ray's Boathouse last Friday completely exceeded my expectations.
Ray's is something of a Seattle institution, but given its gorgeous Sound views, I had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service.
Imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about Ray's!
To start things off, our lovely server Brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order.
My party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the Shilshole Sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, Ray's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of Dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.
For my entr&eacute;e, I completely enjoyed the seared Alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.
The scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).
My friend enjoyed the grilled Alaskan King Salmon with delectable creamed Washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans.
I had a taste of all three items on her plate, and they were superb.
Our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but I did remain puzzled by one issue:  Who thinks that Ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?
Two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner...they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table.
Given that Ray's is a seafood restaurant...well, you get the idea...
All considered, I have to say that Ray's Boathouse is deserving of its title as a Seattle institution.
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.
Oh yeah...the view was good, too.
